Understanding Myopia

Before you can go about improving your eyesight, you first have to know how your eyes work. This is the only way to understand how you got duped by all those mainstream optometrists. To do this, we’re going to have to dip into clinical science, so just bear with me for a moment.

在你可以改善视力之前，你首先要知道你的眼睛是如何工作的。这是唯一的方式来了解你有那些主流的验光师欺骗。为了做到这一点，我们将不得不深入临床科学，所以请稍等我一会儿。


Myopia happens in two stages, the first of which is referred to as "pseudomyopia." Pseudomyopia refers to a passing spasm in the eye’s muscles that control focus.

There's a circular muscle in your eye that controls the lens and changes shape to give you clear vision at both near and far distances. This is the "ciliary" muscle. When you look at something far away the muscle is relaxed, and when you look at something near the muscle contracts. The closer the point of focus, the greater the contraction in this muscle.
近视的发生在两个阶段中，第一个被称为“假性近视”假性近视是指通过痉挛的眼睛的肌肉控制的重点。
你眼睛里有一个圆形的肌肉，它控制着镜头，改变形状，在远近距离上给你清晰的视野。这是“睫状肌。当你看远处的东西时，肌肉是放松的，当你看到肌肉收缩的东西时。密切关注的焦点，在肌肉收缩的更大。


For almost everybody, the first sign of myopia is just a spasm of the ciliary muscle from too much close-up focusing. It's temporary. The muscle locks up and the lens gets temporarily stuck in the "close-up" mode. For this reason, you can’t see distances clearly. This is pseudomyopia—but you won’t need glasses to treat this.  

Don’t just take my word for it, though. Let’s look at a study from the American Academy of Optometry, published back in 1998 and titled, “Vision Therapy to Reduce Abnormal Nearwork-Induced Transient Myopia.”
对几乎每个人来说，近视的第一个迹象就是由于太多的近距离聚焦而引起的睫状肌痉挛。这是暂时的。肌肉锁和镜头会暂时停留在“特写”模式。出于这个原因，你看不清楚的距离。这是假性近视，但你不需要眼镜来治疗。
不要只听我的话，虽然。让我们从美国视光学院的研究看，出版于1998，题为“视觉疗法降低异常近距工作诱导的短暂性近视。”
The study followed five subjects with abnormal nearwork-induced transient myopia (ANITM) for 7 to 10 weeks as they received vision therapy that utilized tools such as lens flippers and Hart charts. ANITM is a “transient distance blur that is correlated with a transient pseudomyopic shift in…distance refraction” after short periods of nearwork.

Recordings of subjects’ ANITM were taken before and after vision therapy with a Canon R-1 auto refractor, and daily logs were also kept. The study reports that “after therapy, there was marked reduction of symptoms and considerable improvement in clinical accommodative facility measures, as well as improvement in the objective findings.”

So now that you know vision therapy can work, here are two things we are going to do:
该研究随访了五例异常近距工作诱导的短暂性近视（anitm）7至10周为他们接受视觉治疗使用工具如镜的鳍状肢和哈特图。anitm是“短暂的距离模糊，是一个短暂的假性近视转变…距离折射”后短时间的近距离工作相关。
受试者anitm记录之前和佳能R-1自动验光视力治疗后，和日志也被。该研究报告说，“经过治疗，症状明显减轻，临床调节措施有了很大改善，客观结果也有所改善。”
所以现在你知道视觉治疗可以工作，这是我们要做两件事：
1. Stop the progression of your myopia.
1。停止你的近视发展。
2. Reverse your myopia.

2。扭转近视。
Stopping the progression of your myopia is important because increased myopia means higher risk of lattice degeneration (a symptom of which is bright light spots, or "floaters”—a bad sign), retinal detachment, macular degeneration, and a whole lot of other serious eye problems. But that’s only half the battle. What you’re really here to do is improve your eyesight. And how do I do that? you may ask. Well, you’ll need to keep reading these e-mails to find out. Remember, I warned you this was going to take work. There’s no quick fix for better eyesight.

Before I leave you, though, I want to provide you with one more thing. Earlier I gave you a brief look into how myopia starts, but for the complete 101 on how your eye works and how myopia happens, click here. This link has everything you need to know about your eyesight and myopia.

At the bottom of the linked page are other links to more studies. Careful, its heady stuff, but if you really want to dig in to what science knows about myopia today, it's worth at least taking a look at.

--> Tomorrow, let's look at how you can find clinical studies about myopia on Google, about how your myopia started, and lots more to get you started working on your eyes!
停止你的近视发展很重要，因为增加近视意味着格子样变性的风险更高（其中一个症状是明亮的光点，或“飞蚊症”--一个不好的迹象），视网膜脱离，黄斑变性，和很多其他严重眼病。但这只是成功的一半。你真的在这里做的是提高你的视力。我该怎么做呢？你可以问。好吧，你需要继续阅读这些邮件找出来。记住，我警告你这是要去工作。有更好的视力没有快速解决。
在我离开你，虽然我想给你一件事。早些时候我给你一个简短的看看近视开始，但完整的101在你眼睛的工作原理和近视眼的发生，请点击这里。这个链接有一切你需要知道的关于你的视力和近视。
在链接页面的底部是进一步研究其他链接。小心，它的令人兴奋的东西，但如果你真的想挖到什么科学知道今天关于近视，值得至少看看。
明天，让我们看看如何在谷歌上找到关于近视的临床研究，看看你的近视如何开始，还有更多的事情让你开始做你的眼睛！
Talk to you then,

- Jake Steiner