Ready to learn about measuring your eyesight? It's heady stuff. After this e-mail, you'll never look at your local optic shop the same again.
准备好了解测试你的视力？这是令人兴奋的东西。在这封邮件，你再也不会看你的局部视店一样。
Here’s the thing: If you can measure, you can quantify; if you can measure, you can start to know what's what; if you can measure, you can know what you really need, and what's probably way too much correction.
事情是这样的：如果你能测量，你就可以量化；如果你能测量，你就可以开始知道什么是什么；如果你能测量，你就可以知道你真正需要什么，什么可能修正太多。
There's a brilliant and super simple way to measure your own eyesight, too, and it’s with a ten cent ruler. I'll show you how to do it right here.
有一个聪明和超简单的方法来衡量自己的视力，也是，它与一个十美分的统治者。我会告诉你如何在这里做。
(If you want to get a bit more serious about your measurements, you can print out an eye chart and order a test lens kit online for a hundred bucks. But even without those, you can figure out your exact diopters with just that ten cent ruler.)
（如果你想对你的测量更认真一点，你可以打印一张视力表并在网上订购一个一百美元的测试镜头套件。但即使没有这些，你可以找出你的准确度只有十美分的统治者。）
WARNING: Don't go buying reduced diopter glasses without fully understanding what you're doing. I'm not giving you prescription advice. I'm not offering medical advice. I'm simply teaching you about biology and optics.
警告：不要去购买减少屈光度眼镜没有完全理解你在做什么。我不会给你处方的建议。我不提供医疗建议。我只是教你有关生物学和光学。
Now back to that ruler and how to measure.
现在回到那把尺子如何衡量。
A flexible measuring tape is actually best—you know, the kind that rolls up (usually sold cheaply at fabric stores or on Amazon).  You’ll need a ruler or tape measure to be able to measure the distance from your eye to a page (or screen).
一个灵活的卷尺其实是最好的你知道，那卷类（通常廉价出售在织物商店或亚马逊）。你需要一个直尺或卷尺可以测量从你的眼睛到一个页面（或屏幕）的距离。
Here's how you take the measurement:
这里是你如何进行测量：
Take off your glasses.
摘下你的眼镜。
Look at your screen or a book (printed pages are best).
看看你的屏幕或一本书（打印页是最好的）。
Start with your face up quite close, where the text is perfectly clear, and then slowly move back until it is just the tiniest bit blurry. You want to stop at the point where the text stops being totally sharp. Any noticeable change in sharpness and that's your distance.
从你的脸上相当接近，其中的文字非常清晰，然后慢慢的就一点点的模糊。你想停止在文本不再是完全尖锐。任何明显的变化在清晰度和那是你的距离。
Record the distance between your eyes and the page (or screen) in centimeters.
记录你的眼睛和页面之间的距离（或屏幕）厘米。
Now get ready for the thing that blew my mind when I first learned about it.
现在准备的东西，吹走了我的心当我第一次听到它。
A diopter (the number that defines the strength of your glasses) is just a unit of measurement of inverse meters. Get it? A diopter converts directly to a specific distance (as in the centimeters you recorded from your point of clear sight distance to blurriness). It really is shockingly simple, like a lot of the things you'll learn from me. However far you can see before the “blur” converts directly to how many diopters you need for "perfect" distance vision.
一个屈光度（定义你的眼镜强度数）是一个单位的反米测量。明白了吗？一个屈光度直接转换到一个特定的距离（在你记录你清晰视距点模糊厘米）。这真的是很简单的，就像很多事情你会了解我。但是你可以看到在“模糊”直接转换到多少度你需要“完美”的远视力。
Are you still not completely with me? Let's use an example:
你还没有完全跟上我吗？让我们举一个例子：
Let's say your glasses are -4.50. This number was obtained at the optometrist’s with you sitting in the chair under the dimmed lights with and all the fancy gear and the smoke and mirrors. There, it seemed impossible for you to figure out this number on your own. But now you realize that -4.50 diopters is just another way of saying "22 centimeters till blurriness."
让我们说你的眼镜-4.50。在验光师的你坐在椅子上，幽暗的灯光下，所有花哨的齿轮和烟雾和镜子得到这个号码。在那里，似乎不可能为你计算出这个数你自己。但是现在你发现-4.50度只是另一种方式说“22厘米到模糊。”
This means that if the text you see on the page becomes even the tiniest bit blurry at 22 centimeters, then you need -4.50 diopters to see the eye chart clearly past the 20/20 line.
这意味着，如果在22厘米的网页上看到你的文字变得一点点模糊，那么你需要-4.50度看视力表清楚过去的20 / 20线。
That's it. Nothing complicated about it. Take that in for a moment.
够了就要这些。这没什么复杂的。把那件事暂时解决。
To help you convert your centimeters into diopters, I’ve created a handy calculator. Before I give you the link to it though, a word of warning: Your results will possibly be surprising. Your measurements might result in a diopter correction different than the one you received at the optometrist’s.
帮助你转换你的厘米为度，我创建了一个方便的计算器。在我给你的链接到它，一个警告：你可能会惊讶的结果。你的测量结果会有不同的结果比你的验光师接受屈光矫正的。
Here is how you convert your centimeter result to diopters, using my calculator.
这里是你如何将你的厘米结果屈光度，用我的计算器。
This will work for you if you have the most common type of myopia (strain and stimulus). If you have a more complex diagnosis from an ophthalmologist—any kind of actual eye disease—then that's a different topic and should be monitored by a doctor.
如果你有最常见的近视类型，这将为你工作（应变和刺激）。如果你从一个眼科医生更复杂的诊断--任何一种实际的眼部疾病--那是另一个话题。应该由医生监督。
You may be wondering how the ruler can work the way an optometrist’s tools do and yet still give you a different result. Simply put, the optometrist most likely gave you more diopters than you actually need most of the time. They tested you in a dark room and gave you the absolute maximum diopter correction. They didn’t account for how your eyesight may vary throughout the day. It also depends how long ago you received your previous glasses and how your eyes have changed.
你可能想知道这个规则如何以验光师的工具做的方式工作，可能给你一个与验光师不同的结果。
简而言之，验光师最有可能给你比大多数时间实际需要更多的度数。
他们测试了你在黑暗的房间里，给你的绝对最大屈光矫正。他们没有考虑到你的视力可能会改变整个一天。
这也取决于你多久以前收到你以前的眼镜和你的眼睛怎么改变？。
This will all make sense once you try measuring and you read through the next few e-mails.
一旦你尝试测量并通读下几封电子邮件，这一切都会有意义。
This is one of the first real steps. Take it and you'll feel compelled to go on to get your eyesight back. And just to make sure you do, I’m going to leave you with a bit of homework:
这是第一个真正的步骤。把它和你会感觉被迫让你恢复视力。只是确保你做的，我要离开你一点作业：
Measure your left and right eye. Do it in the morning, before you start work, and in front of a screen. Do it again at midday and once again in the evening.
衡量你的左眼和右眼。在早上做，在你开始工作之前，在屏幕前。做一次，中午和晚上又一次。
Be sure to write down your results. You'll need them tomorrow (when I show you how those numbers tell the future of your eyesight).
请写下你的结果。你会需要他们明天（当我告诉你这些数字告诉你视力的未来）。
Here's an example of how your results should look:

Morning: Left: 22 cm; Right: 26 cm

Midday: Left: 21 cm; Right: 25 cm

Evening: Left: 19 cm; Right: 22 cm

Remember that these are just examples, and how much the numbers change says a lot about how you are using your eyes and where the problems might lie.
记住，这些只是例子，数字的变化对你如何使用你的眼睛和问题可能在哪里有很大的影响。
We'll get to that tomorrow!

Cheers,

- Jake Steiner

 

P.S.:  We have a very active support group for endmyopia on Facebook.  Hundreds of members discussing eyesight, improving their vision, and lots of tricks and tiops there.  :)

It's a closed group, but I'll send you a link once you complete this e-mail series. (and I promise I'll accept your membership request then, when you're ready for it!)