Hi linurm,

(Missed yesterday's e-mail, "Fix Your Eyes?  First, Measure Your Myopia"?  Find it here.)

Yesterday I gave you some homework, so right now you probably have a bunch of numbers you have no idea what to do with. First, let me just tell you that these numbers are vital. They tell us almost everything we need to know about eye strain, where you need to apply habit changes, and what kind of lens correction your eyes actually need in order to feel better. Powerful knowledge is hiding in those numbers.
昨天我给了你一些作业，所以现在你可能有一串数字，你不知道该怎么处理。首先，让我告诉你，这些数字是至关重要的。他们告诉我们几乎所有关于眼睛疲劳的知识，你需要改变习惯，以及你的眼睛需要什么样的矫正才能感觉良好。在这些数字中隐藏着强大的知识。
Here's a quick primer on how to interpret them:
这里有一个关于如何解释它们的快速入门：
First, you've got morning vs. midday vs. late day/evening. This shows you a range of distances. I want you to think back to the second e-mail, because it is important here that you understand your eyesight is not static. I wish there was a double bold function. Re-read that! Eyesight—not static. Your eyes change in terms of “degrees” of myopia throughout a single day.
首先，你有上午对中午和傍晚/晚上。这显示了一系列距离。我想让你回想一下第二封电子邮件，因为在这里很重要，你明白你的视力不是静止的。我希望有一个双粗体函数。再读一遍！视力不稳定。你的眼睛在一天内近视度数的变化。
What's going on here?
到底是为什么呢
Well, I won't flog the optometrist's dead horse too much, but that single measurement obtained in the darkened room was wrong. The easiest "fix" for your myopia is just to give you as much correction as you can possibly tolerate. It's not a great idea, but then neither is a drive-through burger joint.
好的，我不会把验光师的死马的太多，但单次测量在黑暗的房间里得到的是错误的。对你的近视最简单的解决方法就是给你尽可能多的矫正。这不是一个好主意，但也不是一个驱动器通过汉堡联合。
But now back to those numbers. The way they change gives you clues as to where the strain that contributes to your worsening eyesight is coming from. Let's use an example to illustrate this, and let's use…me.
好的，我不会把验光师的死马的太多，但单次测量在黑暗的房间里得到的是错误的。对你的近视最简单的解决方法就是给你尽可能多的矫正。这不是一个好主意，但也不是一个驱动器通过汉堡联合。
I too used to be quite myopic. I have my old measurement logs (by the way, do keep logs; they contain powerful information you’ll want long term). Here is one of my mornings from 2005:
我过去也很近视。我有我的旧测量日志（顺便说一句，保持日志；它们包含了你想要长期的强大信息）。这是我2005点钟的一个早晨：
L: 32 cm; R: 36 cm

If you use the calculator (you're welcome), you’ll get the following diopter results: -3 and -2.75. Can you guess what my actual prescription was back then (yes, do keep a log!)? It was -2.75 for both eyes.
如果你使用计算器（欢迎你），你会得到如下结果：-3、-2.75屈光度。你能猜出我当时的处方是什么吗？这是-2.75双眼。
Almost perfect, but it was about time to reduce it by 0.25. Now you may remember that I told you I used to wear -4.00 glasses, so by this point I was already well on my way to a lower prescription. And my progress at this point was actually greater than it may seem. That -4.00 prescription when I first began my journey? It was 0.75 diopters too low.
几乎完美，但是时候把它减少0.25了。现在你可能还记得我告诉过你我以前戴-4.00眼镜，所以这一点我已经非常好的在进行降低度数处方。我在这一点上的进步实际上比看上去的要大。那-4.00处方当我第一次开始我的历程吗？这是0.75度太低。
Why am I telling you all this? Well, the first important thing to understand here is that your prescription is relative. You need to understand your eyes and what prescription they actually need. But for now, let’s get back to my results.
我为什么要告诉你这些？嗯，首先要明白的是你的处方是相对的。你需要了解你的眼睛和他们真正需要的处方。但现在，让我们回到我的结果。
My morning measurements were L: 32 cm and R: 36 cm.

By midday, my measurements were L: 30 cm and R: 35 cm.

The numbers went down. What does that mean? It means I could see less well by the middle of the day than I could in the morning. That's strange, right? And you might be experiencing something similar too; it's the most common type of centimeter curve (yes, these descriptions are basically my own inventions since the mainstream just sells you more glasses).
数字下降了。你什么意思？这意味着我在中午的时候比早上能看到的不好。这很奇怪，对吧？你可能也经历过类似的事情，这是最常见的厘米曲线（是的，这些描述基本上是我自己的发明，因为主流只是卖给你更多的眼镜）。
In the evening my measurements were L: 28 cm and R: 32 cm.

Ouch! 28 cm equals a -3.50 prescription. I just went up a half diopter, from -3.00 to -3.50, in the course of a single day. That's not good! But can you guess what the measurement was the following morning? It was back to 32 cm. What is going on here?
哎哟！在-3.50 equals 28厘米的处方。我只是走了半-3.50 -3.00屈光度，from the to，of a单节课程。这是不好的！但我想知道你能测量was the following the早晨？恩，我回到32厘米。什么是在这里要在线吗？
It’s eye strain. Remember the ciliary (focusing) muscle? It's not happy by the end of the day. It's getting "stuck" in close-up mode, and that's really affecting my eyesight. But at night, when you go to sleep, the ciliary muscle relaxes, and then the morning is like a reset, with everything working as it should.
这是眼睛疲劳。记得睫状肌（聚焦）肌肉吗？一天结束时不快乐。它以“特写”模式“卡住”了，这真的影响了我的视力。但在晚上，当你睡觉时，睫状肌放松，然后早晨就像重置，一切工作，因为它应该。
Here's what should really be opening your proverbial eyes. There's a lot going on here, and with just some Jake knowledge to help you out, you can measure your diopters objectively. You can quite literally quantify your eye strain with cold, hard, numbers. Its powerful stuff.
这里应该是打开你的谚语的眼睛。这里发生了很多事情，而只是一些杰克知识来帮助你，你可以衡量你的度数客观。你可以用冷、硬、数字来量化你的眼睛压力。它强大的东西。
So now that you know this, what should you do?
既然你知道了，你该怎么办？
Keep measuring. Create a reminder to measure a few times a day for the next week. You want to look for trends, such as how your eyesight is on off days with no close-up work, on days with exercise, on days spent in natural daylight, etc. You want to compare your vision in good lighting vs. crappy fluorescent lighting. Just get some numbers! You’ll want them in the future.
保持测量。创建一个提醒，每天测量下一周几次。你想寻找一些趋势，比如你的视力是如何关闭的，没有近距离的工作，在锻炼的日子里，在自然日光下度过的日子等等。你想比较你的视力在好的灯光和蹩脚的荧光灯上。只要得到一些数字！你将来会想要的。
Read. The more you learn, the better off you’ll be. Take a look at this page on successful natural myopia control and take in as much as you can!
阅读。你学得越多，你就会过得更好。看一下这一页关于成功的自然近视控制和尽可能多的吸收！
--> Tomorrow we'll talk about the dark specter of axial elongation, which is basically the one thing you really want to avoid. It's the number one piece of the progressive myopia puzzle, and the thing that ends up causing all sorts of retinal problems down the road. I’ll also let you in on the single worst thing you could be doing for your eyes—the one thing you really don’t want to do at all, ever. It really is must-read territory.
明天我们将讨论轴向伸长的黑暗幽灵，这是你真正想要避免的一件事。它是进行性近视眼的头号谜团，最终导致了各种各样的视网膜问题。我也会让你知道你能为你的眼睛做的最糟糕的事情，那就是你根本不想做的事，永远。它确实是必读的领土。
See you tomorrow!

Cheers,

- Jake Steiner