Hi linurm,

(Did you miss yesterday's e-mail, "Interpreting Your Centimeter Numbers"?  Find it here.)

Before I give you the giant reveal I promised yesterday—the one thing you really don't want to be doing with your eyes—we need to go back to axial elongation. I know, I’m terrible. But just bear with me for a moment. You need to understand why this one thing is so bad.
在我给你巨大的揭示（我答应昨天）前，有一件你真的不想对你的眼睛做的事，我们需要回到轴向伸长。我知道，我很糟糕。只要给我一点时间。你需要了解为什么这件事如此糟糕。

Axial elongation happens due to what's often called "hyperopic defocus." You are overprescribed by default (the dark room, the absolute maximum prescription being applied, which is too strong for regular daylight and average use) and you wear your distance glasses a good majority of the time. None of this is good for your eyes.
轴向伸长是由于所谓的“远视性离焦的。“你是在规定的默认情况下（黑暗的房间里，绝对最大的处方应用，这是强过普通日光和平均使用），你戴远距离眼镜大部分时间。这些对你的眼睛没有好处。
If you were wearing the perfect amount of correction just while looking at a distance, with zero focusing muscle spasm, your glasses wouldn't increase your myopia. But that's hardly ever the case, hence this bit of science:

“If the eye length increases more slowly than does the focal length, the focal plane will be behind the retina, creating hyperopic defocus on the retina. The same occurs if one puts a negative lens over the eye.
“如果眼睛长度的增加速度比焦距长度慢、焦平面将在视网膜的后面，视网膜上形成远视性离焦。如同一把负透镜戴在眼睛上。
To regain sharp focus, the retina needs to be displaced backward to where the image is. This is done in two ways: the eye is lengthened by increasing the rate of growth or of remodeling of the sclera at the posterior pole of the eye (Gentle and McBrien, 1999; Nickla et al., 1997), and the retina is pulled back within the eye by the thinning of the choroid, the vascular layer between the retina and sclera (Figure 2B; Wallman et al., 1995; Wildsoet and Wallman, 1995); once distant images are again focused on the retina (emmetropia), both the rate of ocular elongation and the choroid thickness return to normal."
重新获得焦点，视网膜需要向后移位到图像位置。这一过程在两个方面：眼睛是变长或重塑眼睛后极的巩膜（温柔和麦克布赖恩，1999；nickla et al.，1997），和视网膜的回拉眼球内的视网膜和脉络膜变薄，巩膜血管间层（图2b；沃尔曼et al.，1995；Wildsoet和沃尔曼，1995）；一次遥远的影像再次聚焦在视网膜上（正视），两眼延伸率及脉络膜厚度恢复正常。”
This type of detail makes 80% of my clients sleepy and leaves the remaining 20% wanting more.
这种类型的细节让我80%客户犯困，剩下20%想要更多。

If you're in the 20%, look at the ever growing moypia science and studies section of the blog.
如果你在20%，看着越来越多的近视眼科学研究的博客。

A word of warning—it gets deep quickly in those articles. They are optional reading.
提醒一句，它变得深快的文章。它们是可选阅读。

So, axial elongation. I told you earlier that this was a big topic. A longer eyeball equals greater myopia, and it’s the root of all sorts of other problems. (In case you were wondering, three diopters equals about 1 millimeter in eyeball growth.) Suffice to say, it's not ideal to have your eye growing longer in this lens glass house. This is also basically how your eyes get "addicted" to prescriptions.

因此，轴向伸长。我之前告诉你的，这是一大课题。一个较长的眼球等于大近视，这是其他各种问题的根源。（如果你想知道的话，三度相当于眼球的生长。1毫米）可以说，在这个镜头的玻璃房子有你的眼睛越来越不理想。这也基本上是你的眼睛会“上瘾”的处方。
Now I want to take a moment here to say that not all optometrists are bad. While most do end up giving you glasses that are too strong and recommending more year after year, they are just giving you what the majority of people want: immediate clear vision.
现在我想花一点时间在这里说，并不是所有的验光师都是坏的。虽然大多数人最终给你的眼镜太强了，年复一年地推荐，他们只是给了你大多数人想要的：立即清晰的视力。

There are lots of cool optometrists, though, who'll talk to you about other options. You probably won’t find them in cheap chain store optic shops, but they're out there. They might not have quite the powerful method I have here, but they're on the right track. They give you only the strength of glasses you really need. And if you find a really progressive optometrist, they may even give you a reduced diopter correction for computer use. (If you do find one of these, hang on to them; they're not easy to find and are so great to have on your side!)
有很多很酷的验光师，不过，谁会和你谈其他的选择。你可能不会在廉价连锁店视店找到他们，但他们的存在。他们可能没有很强大的方法，我在这里，但他们在正确的轨道上。他们给你的只是你的实力真的需要眼镜。如果你找到一个真正进步的验光师，他们会给你一个计算机的使用减少屈光矫正。（如果你发现一个，挂在他们；他们不容易找到，就在你身边！那么大）
Now back to that big reveal. After reading everything you just did, can you guess what it is?
现在回到那个大揭露。阅读你所做的一切后，你能猜出它是什么？

The single worst thing, what you really don't want to be doing at all, ever, is wearing your full-distance correcting prescription while looking at a screen 60 cm from your eyes.
你最不想做的最糟糕的事情是，当你看着你眼睛60厘米的屏幕时，戴着你的全距离矫正处方。
That's the worst of all the things you are doing right now to mess up your eyes.
这是最糟糕的是你现在正在做的事情乱了你的眼睛。
Remember when we talked about how the eye changes its actual physical shape based on what you see? Well, this is the stimulus that drives the whole narrative of myopia vs. healthy eyes. The only thing that can fix your vision, that can stop the myopia, is understanding and adjusting that stimulus. The stimulus, short version, is all about where the light focuses in your eye.
还记得我们谈过如何改变其实际眼睛形状取决于你看到了什么？嗯，这是刺激带动整个近视叙事与健康的眼睛。可以解决你的视力（能阻止近视）的唯一的事情，理解和调整刺激。刺激，短版，是所有光线聚焦在你的眼睛的地方。
What glasses do is just “treat” that ciliary muscle spasm we talked about by ignoring it, by bypassing it with a pair of focal-plane-moving lenses. Putting on glasses just delays the problem, and what’s more, it makes everything worse.
眼镜做的只是“治疗”，我们谈到睫状肌痉挛（无视它），绕过它一双焦平面移动镜头。戴上眼镜就延误的问题，更重要的是，它使一切更糟。
If this is still making your head spin a bit, go back to the site and check the top link on "how myopia happens".  Because once you understand the premises, actually fixing your eyes is really simple. I have clients in their 80s, even in their 90s, who have improved their vision. It's not rocket science.
如果这仍然使你的头有点晕，回到现场检查“近视如何发生”的顶部链接。因为一旦你理解的前提下，其实固定你的眼睛真的很简单。我的客户80多，甚至90多，谁已经提高了他们的视觉。这不是火箭科学。
So where do you go from here?
那么你从这里去哪里？
First things first: Don’t go without your glasses. There’s no benefit in that. You can and should wear your glasses for distance vision. You just don't want to wear a lens that is meant to let you see clearly far away while you are focused up close. That focal plane change is huge, and it's a direct stimulus for axial elongation.
第一件事：你不带眼镜，那有没有好处。你可以而且应该戴你的用于远距离视力的眼镜。你只是不想戴可以让你看清远处的眼镜，聚焦近处。那焦平面的变化是巨大的，它的轴向伸长的直接刺激。
What you should do, if your current prescription is less than -2.00 diopters, is stop wearing your glasses for close-up viewing, starting right now.
你应该做的，如果你目前的处方小于-2.00屈光度，是停止带你近距离的观看眼镜，从现在开始。
If your current prescription is more than -2.00 diopters (easy to test: if you can't see your screen, and also your centimeter results), then it's time to start thinking about a reduced prescription for close-up viewing.
如果你目前的处方超过-2.00屈光度（简单的测试：如果你不能看到你的屏幕，而且你厘米的结果），那么是时候开始为近距离观看观看减少处方思路。
One way you can "test" this is if you wear contact lenses.

You can buy reading glasses at a convenience store. Those are for farsighted eyes, the opposite of your myopia. They are "plus" lenses. Every diopter of plus cancels out one diopter of minus. You can actually experiment right in the store. Just grab a magazine and a +1.50 and see how far you can hold it from your eyes and still read without much blurriness. Maybe you need a +2.00, maybe a +1.00. It all depends on your average viewing distance and whether your current prescription is over or under prescribed.
你可以购买一个便利店的眼镜。这些都是远视的眼镜，你近视的相反度数。它们是“加号”镜头。加上每一屈光度屈光度抵消负。你可以实验就在这家商店。随便抓一本杂志和一个+ 1.50，看看你可以把它从你的眼睛里并没有太多的阅读仍然模糊。也许你需要一个+ 2 + 1，也许。这一切都取决于你的平均距离，无论你目前的处方是超过或低于规定。
You can then wear those plus lenses over your contacts while working to enjoy much less focal plane change. You'll start to feel exactly what I'm talking about after you stop doing full minus for close-up work.
然后你可以戴那些正的度数的镜片在你的隐形眼镜上工作时享受更少聚焦变化。在停止用完全负的度数眼镜近距离工作后你会开始感觉到我说的。
At first it might feel a bit strange (best not to get the cheapest possible plus—poor lens quality manifests as feeling a bit "funny"). Just wear them right when you start doing any close-up work and keep the close-up times short. Much of your vision actually happens in the visual cortex of your brain. That part doesn't expect focal plane changes, and it takes some time to adjust.
一开始可能会觉得有点奇怪（最好不要买最便宜的，加上镜头质量不好，感觉有点“好笑”）。立即戴上，当你开始做任何近距离工作，保持近距离时间短。你的视觉真的发生在你的大脑视觉皮层。这部分不希望焦平面的变化，这需要一些时间来调整。
Ideally, you'd use a weekend for this experiment and give yourself a bit of time.
理想情况下，你会用一个周末的实验，给自己一点时间。
I'll tell you this: If you don't wear a full minus prescription for close-up viewing for four weeks, and then wear it, you'll get nauseous. You'll get dizzy and sick if you try to wear those glasses for a full day of close-up viewing after a month of not doing it.
我会告诉你：如果你不戴全负的镜片近距离观察四周，然后戴上它，你会感到恶心。不戴眼镜后一个月，你在戴上会觉得头晕恶心。
Why? Quite simply, your brain (the visual cortex) will reject the minus.
为什么？很简单，你的大脑（大脑皮层）将拒绝负。
The only reason you can tolerate it today is because you have slowly built up to this point over years and years. It's terribly bad for your eyes, and if you "detox" from the full minus for close-up work for a month, you'll know what I'm talking about.
今天你可以忍受的唯一原因是因为你多年来已经慢慢地建立起来的这一点。对你的眼睛非常糟糕，如果你一个月的近距离工作不戴全负眼镜，你会知道我在说什么。
So what now? Well, there’s still quite a bit to learn, but I think your head is stuffed enough for today, so don’t kill me if I say “until tomorrow.”
那么现在呢？嗯，还有很多东西要学，但是我认为你的脑袋已经塞满了今天的东西，所以如果我说“直到明天”，不要杀了我。
-->  Tomorrow, what you absolutely do and *don't* want to do, while reading or using your computer screen.  And yes, I will give you specific, tangible recommendations!
明天，当你阅读或使用电脑屏幕时，你绝对想做什么，不想做什么。是的，我会给你具体的、实际的建议！
Talk to you then. ;-)

- Jake Steiner

 

 

This message was sent to zhoujian715@gmail.com since you are subscribed to Jake Steiner's 7 Day Guide To Better Eyesight.  

 

 

Don’t want to hear from me?

http://mailing.endmyopia.org/unsubscribe/w1KN5VP892p9suWCYZUkypFU763VCZHWlIEQ9XTF9TSqKUw/p9PFMl2LPXU9MB7637ErPkwQ/Y1LTf6u8P0yLK4H1jMiTVQ