Hi linurm,

(Did you miss yesterday's e-mail, "Myopia Progression: The One Thing You Have To Stop Doing"?  Find it here.

We are nearing the end of the program now. After today there is only one more e-mail. For making it so far, I’m going to give you a bit of a mental break today. Don’t worry though—you will still learn plenty about your eyesight.
我们现在正在接近计划的末尾。今天只有一个更多的电子邮件。让它到目前为止，今天我要给你一点精神上的休息。别担心，虽然你还是会足够了解你的视力。
Remember when I told you to keep measuring your eyes multiple times every day? I told you to look for trends and hinted that those numbers might be useful in the future. You don’t have many measurements to go off yet, but I’m going to give you a sneak peek into just some of the things they can tell you about your eyesight.
记得我告诉你每一天要测量你的眼睛多次的？我告诉过你要寻找趋势和暗示，这些数字在未来可能是有用的。你还没有多少测量结果，但我会给你一个偷看一些他们可以告诉你的关于你的视力的东西。
You might want to print this out or save it for future reference. It’s a lot to take in all at once!
你可能想打印出来或保存备查。这是一个突然可大量领会的！
There is such a thing as “bad” light.
有这样一个“坏”的光。
Just like low-quality food and dirty air, there's good light and bad light. Light has a huge impact on your eyesight (and your brain as well). A recent study actually successfully reversed amnesia by using blue light (e-mail filters don't like a lot of links - check the science section of the site for more). You definitely need to start caring about light quality.
就像劣质食品和肮脏的空气，有良好的光照和光线。光对视力的影响巨大（和你的脑袋一样）。最近的一项研究实际上通过蓝光成功地消除了健忘症（电子邮件过滤器不喜欢很多链接——更多地查看站点的科学部分）。你一定要开始关心光的质量。
Good light is natural light (full-spectrum UV), which is what your eye is built to handle. If you can sit next to a window when working, where there is natural ambient light, you're way ahead of the game.
良好的光线是自然光（全光谱的紫外），这是你的眼睛是用来处理。如果你在工作时坐在窗户旁边，在自然光下，你就遥遥领先了。
If you can't do that, you might consider buying a full-spectrum UV bulb to put in your desk lamp. That’s much better than the fluorescent office lights.
如果你做不到，你可能会考虑买一个全光谱紫外线灯泡放在你桌上的灯。这比荧光灯更好的办公室。
Bad quality screens will mess with your eyes.
Avoid old CRTs (cathode ray tubes), screens with a low refresh rate, low resolution screens, and overly bright or overly dim screens. You’ll know you’ve got it right when you stop getting those headaches after you’ve fixed your close-up environment.
质量差的屏幕会把你的眼睛。
避免旧的CRT（阴极射线管），与低刷新率的屏幕，低分辨率的屏幕，和过于明亮或过于昏暗的屏幕。当你修复了你的近距离环境没有头痛之后，你就会知道你是对的。
There is a limit to close-up time before your ciliary "locks up."
Compare your centimeter measurements after an hour of close-up work to what they are after five hours of that same work. Not pretty, those results.
有一个近距离的时间限制之前你特写睫状体“锁”。
比较一个小时和五小时的近距离工作，同样的工作后，你的厘米级的测量。不漂亮，那些结果。
Three hours is about the maximum time to spend on close-up work. After that you really need an hour’s break filled with just distance vision. No smartphones, no books. When your measurements drop by a centimeter (become blurry sooner), you’ve definitely pushed your eyes a bit too far.
三个小时是最大的时间花在近距离工作上。之后，你真的需要一个小时的休息时间充满只是远视力。没有智能手机，没有书。当你的测量值下降一厘米（变得模糊早），你肯定把你的眼睛太远。
Insulin spikes are not great for your eyes.
That big dish of pasta and those two Cokes really aren't helping your eyes. It's nowhere near as big a deal as incorrect lenses and close-up time, but if you're going to make changes, you should know this as well.
胰岛素峰值不适合你的眼睛。
大盘意面和两杯可乐真的不是帮助你的眼睛。
它不像镜头和特写镜头那么大，但如果你要做出改变，你也应该知道。
A weekend away from screens and pages makes a big difference.
Just two days in the woods or at the beach, or talking with friends and riding bikes, is a centimeter measurement revelation. Imagine if you lived like that all the time.
一个周末远离屏幕和页面有很大的区别。
只有两天在树林或海滩，或与朋友和骑自行车交谈，是厘米测量启示。 想像一下，如果你一直住在这样的地方。
This is all a lot to take in. But again, don’t just take my word for any of it. Test these things out so that you know I'm telling you the truth! This all can be verified with those daily measurements.
这是很重要的，但再一次，不要只是为了任何一个字。 测试这些东西，让你知道我在告诉你真相！ 这些都可以通过这些日常测量来验证。
Before I leave you, I have one last thing about your measurements. BackTo20/20, the structured, guided course that includes my personal support and full access to the forum, discusses exactly how to translate your centimeter measurements into the right glasses for you. It lets you know if you are wearing the wrong correction right now and what you need for distance as well as for close-up.
在我离开你之前，我有一个关于你的测量的最后一件事。 BackTo20 / 20，包括我的个人支持和论坛全面访问的结构化导向课程，将讨论如何将厘米测量值转换为适合您的眼镜。 它可以让你知道如果你现在正在佩戴错误的校正，以及你需要的距离和特写。
And of course, the promised solution for your close-up needs:  Take your distance correction and subtract 1.5 diopters. (As a starting point, see if that works—ideally with the support of a friendly optometrist.) Don't modify anything else; this correction has to be the same as your distance correction in terms of relative left vs. right eye strength. Drop the astigmatism if it's just 0.50 diopters, and instead of subtracting 1.5 diopters total, subtract only 1.25. If it's a 0.25 astigmatism, just drop it, no other changes.
当然，您所需要的特殊解决方案也需要：采取距离校正并减去1.5屈光度。 （作为起点，看看是否有效 - 理想情况下是在友好的验光师的支持下）不要修改任何东西; 这种校正必须与您的距离校正相对于左眼与右眼的强度相同。 如果只有0.50屈光度，放弃散光，而不是总共减去1.5屈光度，减去1.25。 如果这是一个0.25散光，只要放下，没有其他变化。
Before you consider doing that, absolutely start spending some time reading the lenses and diopter section of the site!
在考虑这样做之前，绝对开始花一些时间阅读镜头和屈光度部分的网站！
That’s it! I hope this week was worth it for you. I really tried to give you some of the important highlights.
而已！ 我希望本周对你来说是值得的。 我真的试图给你一些重要的亮点。
Cheers!