It's pretty amazing how much more you know about your eyesight now than you did barely a week ago. For one, you know how your eye actually works and how myopia occurs. You also know all about measuring your own eyesight. You even know enough to start improving your vision—most importantly, by not wearing your minus glasses for up-close work.
这是非常惊人的多少，你知道你的眼睛现在比你仅仅一个星期以前。一，你知道你的眼睛其实是如何近视的发生。你也知道自己的视力测量。你知道足够的开始改善你的视觉最重要的是，不戴眼镜你减去近距离工作。
I haven’t even gotten into some of the most amazing parts yet, though. There is still so much more to learn, such as how to get conscious control over your ciliary (focusing) muscle.
我甚至还没到一些最惊人的部分呢，虽然。还有那么多要学，比如如何克服你的睫状体有意识的控制（聚焦）的肌肉。
Did you even know you can control your focus on demand? That’s right, I said “on demand.” It’s what I call “active focus,” which consists of lots of stimuli that improve your vision. You can do this on autopilot. You won’t have to do repetitive eye exercises; all you’ll experience is ongoing improvement.
你知道你可以控制你的重点需求？是的，我说的是“按需”，这就是我所说的“积极专注”，它包括许多能改善你视力的刺激物。你可以在自动驾驶仪做这个。你不必做重复的练习；你会经历持续的改进。
Here's the active focus link list, an amazing compendium for this key stimulus tool:  Active Focus @endmyopia

I also haven’t discussed how to go about finding an optometrist who will be supportive as you work on your eyesight, or how to get prescriptions at a much lower price—and without that unsupportive optometrist.
我也还没有讨论如何去寻找一个验光师谁会支持你的工作你的视力，或如何在低得多的价格，没有得到支持的验光师的处方。
But as this is the last day, you may be wondering how I could cram all of that into one e-mail. Well, the answer is that I can’t. But that’s where the website and the BackTo20/20 program come in.
但这是最后一天，你可能会想，我怎么能把这一切变成一个电子邮件。嗯，答案是，我不能，但这里的网站和程序来backto20 / 20。
I have spent years digging through mountains of information to narrow it down to only what matters. So far, I’ve taught you more about myopia and your eyes than most optometrists, and I've compressed all of that knowledge and a lot more into the site. You can learn all there is to know in a matter of a few months. I am not hiding behind a “paywall.” If you read every forum post and every free guide article, you'll have all you really need!
我花了几年时间通过挖山信息缩小到只有哪些事项。到目前为止，我已经教你更多关于近视的眼睛比大多数验光师，我压缩了所有的知识和更多的网站。你可以学习所有有知道在短短的几个月。我不是躲在“付费墙”。如果你阅读每一个论坛的帖子，每天免费指导的文章，你会得到所有你需要的！
The biggest advantage of BackTo20/20 is my support. Not sure what you should do about your centimeter measure, even with the program contents? Well, just ask me. I'll personally work through it with you. You’ll also have access to the forum—that’s all questions, progress reports, and threads from students. All those posts you might have read, that's me prompting students to talk about progress (good and otherwise).
对backto20 / 20最大的优势是我的支持。不知道你应该做你的厘米的措施，甚至与节目内容？好吧，问问我。我会亲自通过它的工作与你。你也可以访问该论坛的所有问题，进度报告和线程从学生。这些帖子的你可能已经读过，我就是促使学生谈论进步（好的和其他的）。
For the short version—if you're browsing, if your time is valuable—consider BackTo20/20. (Yeah, I know…some sales. But the structured program actually is really worthwhile.)
对于短版如果你浏览，如果你的时间是有价值的考虑backto20 / 20。是的，我知道……一些销售。但结构化程序其实是很值得的。）
But before you decide whether you want to go with the do-it-yourself method or the structured approached, we should probably talk about money (my least favorite subject).
但是，在你决定是否要自己动手或者结构化接近之前，我们应该谈论钱（我最不喜欢的话题）。
I do daily free guide posts for free. Lots of detailed insights there. But when it comes to my time and support, answering questions, I want to work with those who are serious. 
我每天做免费导游岗位免费。有很多详细的见解。但是就我的时间和支持，回答问题，我想和那些严肃的工作。
For my high-success-rate vision improvement guidance, assume a ballpark cost similar to that of LASIK treatment (but without lasers cutting into your eyes and the potentially permanent and terrible side effects you get with that surgery). Actually, I'm way, way cheaper than laser surgery, even though I'm much better. ;-)
对于我的高成功率视力改善指导，假设一个大致的成本类似于LASIK治疗（但没有激光切割到你的眼睛和潜在的永久性和可怕的副作用，你得到的手术）。其实，我的方式，比激光手术更便宜，即使我好多了。；-）
Figure in a couple of months of learning at around 20 minutes a day, three times a week. In return, you'll drop your current prescription by as much as 20% in around 90 days, and you’ll continue to improve at a rate of around 0.75 to 1.00 diopter every year, without any great extra effort at all.
在每天20分钟左右，在几个月的学习，每周三次。作为回报，你将在大约90天内放弃你现有的处方多达20%，而且你将继续以每年0.75到1度的速度提高，根本没有任何额外的努力。
But remember, you absolutely can do everything we talked about here with just the blog. You don't have to buy anything from me; I'm not holding my method hostage.
但记住，你绝对可以做的一切，我们这里提到的只是博客。你不需要从我这里买任何东西；我不抱着我法人质。
BackTo20/20 is an awesome tool, but if you take the time to read the blog and piece everything together, you can absolutely achieve your goals that way as well.
backto20 / 20是一个很棒的工具，但是如果你花时间在一起阅读博客和每件事，你完全可以实现你的目标的方式很好。
Al is just one of the many readers who is making great progress with just the free guides:  Amazing Improvement Reports

And with that, we are at the end of our seven-day e-mail guide. I hope you’ve learned something from all this are motivated to go on to improve your eyesight.
铝只是其中的许多读者是免费导游取得重大进展：惊人的改善报告
然后，我们在我们的七天的电子邮件指导结束。我希望你学到的东西从这一切的动机去改善你的视力。
--> Tomorrow is the day for invite links to BackTo20/20. If you don't get one, the spots are already taken for this month. BackTo20/20 fills up quickly—no exaggeration—so if you're ready, grab your invite with both hands as soon as you get the e-mail.
明天是邀请backto20 /链接20天。如果你没有得到一点已经为这个月。backto20 / 20快速填满的夸张，所以如果你准备好了，请用双手抓住你尽快你的电子邮件。
Cheers,

- Jake